IPTState Bugs

KNOWN BUGS
None*


* There are no known bugs in the iptstate code. However, there IS a small
bug somewhere in ncurses. See 
http://www.phildev.net/iptstate/memleak.html for details.
This won't effect most users much, but you want to be weary of leaving
iptstate running on very busy firewalls for very long periods of time (a
day or more). This bug has been reported to ncurses, see above URL.


ABOUT BUGS
  If you find a bug in IPTState you should notify ME! You can contact me at
phil@ipom.com. Don't send bug reports to public forums until AFTER you 
notify me.

ABOUT MY RESPONSE
  If your bug is serious - i.e. compilation errors, a major a functionality
is broken, or a security problem I'll usually give you pretty immediate
attention. If it's a very minor bug, or a feature request, I will
acknowledge your email, but I may not fix/implement it immediately.

ABOUT PATCHES
  I do accept patches - I just don't usually use them. So you ask, 'so why
should I write one?' Patches are great because they often give me the 
core of the answer right away. However, I'm particularly anal about my
code and so I like everything to be in my style, and since iptstate is small
enough for me to do things by hand, I do. I've only received a handful of
patches, most fixes come in the form of "change this in this way," and as
such I've never applied an external patch. I've used a few as reference
though. Feel free to submit a bug report with or without a patch if you want.

  PATCHES SHOULD BE ACCOMPANIED BY EXPLINATIONS AND/OR BUG REPORTS! Let me
know what you were trying to fix/add and how you did it. This will save
me a lot of time, and I'll like you more.

ABOUT BUG REPORTS
  If you send me a bug report you MUST do the following:
- Include "IPTSTATE" in the subject
- Include your distribution and distro version
- Include your kernel version
- Include your gcc version
- Include your make version
- Include your glibc version
- Include any relevant output and/or errors

  Bug reports should be sent to *ME*. I cannot fix your bugs if you don't
tell *ME* about them. That's right, send your bug reports to *ME*.

Thanks!

Phil Dibowitz
phil@ipom.com

