  IP Tables State (iptstate)

  Copyright (C) 2002 Phil Dibowitz

  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or
  implied warranty. In no event will the authors be held
  liable for any damages arising from the use of this software.

  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any
  purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it
  and redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:

  1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you
  must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you use
  this software in a product, an acknowledgment in the product
  documentation would be appreciated but is not required.

  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and
  must not be misrepresented as being the original software.

  3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source
  distribution.

  -----------------------------------

IPTState Version 1.0


1. WHAT IS IP TABLES STATE?

	IP Tables State (iptstate) was originally written to
	impliment the "state top" feature of IP Filter (see
	"The Idea" below) in IP Tables. "State top" displays
	the states held by your stateful firewall in a 
	top-like manner.

	Since IP Tables doesn't have a built in way to easily
	display this information even once, an option was
	added to just have it display the state table once.

	Features include:
	 - Top-like realtime state table information
	 - Sorting by any field
	 - Reversible sorting
	 - Single display of state table
	 - Customizable refresh rate
	 - Open Source (specifically I'm using the zlib license)
	

2. PRE-INSTALATION

	Make sure you have ncurses installed.


3. INSTALLATION

  The quick version:

	For most people the following should do all you need:

	  make
	  make install


  The long version:

	  Configuration
	The program is only one cpp source file, so the compile
	is very simple. For this reason there is no config file.
	The defaults in the makefile should be fine, but if you
	want to change something you can change where iptstate
	gets installed by changing the "SBIN" variable. I can't
	imagine a reason but if you have 'install' installed in
	a wierd place change the INSTALL variable. Other than
	that nothing should need tweaking. Obviously advanced
	users may wish to do other stuff, but...

	  Compiling
	The compiling should be as simple as running 'make.'
	If this doesn't work, feel free to drop me an email,
	BUT MAKE SURE you put "IPTSTATE:" in the subject. In the
	email include: Distribution, kernel version, make version,
	gcc version, and the error messages.

	  Installing
	IPTState installs in /usr/sbin. This is because it should
	be a utility for the superuser. Althought 
	/proc/net/ip_conntrac is actually world readable (and 
	iptstate installs world read/executable), this is a package
	for a sysadmin. Installing should be as simple as 'make 
	install.' If this fails, feel free to do:
	 # cp iptstate /usr/sbin/iptstate
	 # chmod 755 /usr/sbin/iptstate
	 # chown root:bin /usr/sbin/iptstate
	And that should do it. If 'make install' fails feel free
	to drop me an email provided you put "IPTSTATE:" in the 
	subject.


4. USAGE

  IPTables State is extremely simple to use. Most of the time
  what you'll want is just 'iptstate.' This will launch you into
  the 'statetop' mode. In here, your state table is being sorted
  by Source IP. To change the sorting, on the fly, type 's.' This
  will rotate through the various sorting possibilities. You can
  quit by typing 'q.' You can also change the sorting with the -b
  ("sort BY") option. The -b option takes d (Destination IP), p 
  (protocol), s (state) and t (TTL) as it's possible options. To
  sort by Source IP, just don't specify -b.

  You can also change the refresh rate of the statetop by -r 
  followed by an integer. The integer represents the refresh rate
  in seconds.

  To get a quick look at what's going across your firewall, try 
  iptstate -s. This is "single run" mode. It will just print out
  your state table at the moment you requested it. This is where
  -b comes in handy. Again, the default sort is by Source IP.

  That's about it!


5. DESIRED FEATURES

  I will eventually change the datatypes for the IP addresses to
  be those provided by arpa.h. In the mean time this works fine.

  I would like to show "number of packets" sent by a state, but
  /proc/net/ip_conntrack doesn't seem to store that information.


4. THE IDEA

  The idea of statetop comes from IP Filter by Darren Reed.

  This package's main purpose is to provide a state-top type
  interface for IP Tables. I've added in the "single run"
  option since there's no nice way to do that with IP Tables
  either.


5. THE AUTHOR

  IPTState was written by me, Phil Dibowitz. I am a CECS student
  at USC. I maintain the FAQ for IP Filter, run the MSS Initiative
  and maintain a part time sysadmin job. For more info on me,
  check out http://home.earthlink.net/~jaymzh666/


Phil Dibowitz
webmaster@ipom.com

